[GH-8265] Prototype for Attribute Metadata Driver (#8266)
doctrine/doctrine2: docs/en/reference/attributes-reference.rst

-  :ref:`#[JoinColumn] <annref_joincolumn>`
-  :ref:`#[JoinColumns] <annref_joincolumns>`
-  :ref:`#[JoinTable] <annref_jointable>`
-  :ref:`#[ManyToOne] <annref_manytoone>`
-  :ref:`#[ManyToMany] <annref_manytomany>`
-  :ref:`#[MappedSuperclass] <annref_mappedsuperclass>`
-  :ref:`#[OneToOne] <annref_onetoone>`
-  :ref:`#[OneToMany] <annref_onetomany>`
-  :ref:`#[OrderBy] <annref_orderby>`
-  :ref:`#[PostLoad] <annref_postload>`
-  :ref:`#[PostPersist] <annref_postpersist>`
-  :ref:`#[PostRemove] <annref_postremove>`
-  :ref:`#[PostUpdate] <annref_postupdate>`
-  :ref:`#[PrePersist] <annref_prepersist>`
-  :ref:`#[PreRemove] <annref_preremove>`
-  :ref:`#[PreUpdate] <annref_preupdate>`
-  :ref:`#[SequenceGenerator] <annref_sequencegenerator>`
-  :ref:`#[Table] <annref_table>`
-  :ref:`#[UniqueConstraint] <annref_uniqueconstraint>`
-  :ref:`#[Version] <annref_version>`

Reference
---------

.. _annref_column:

#[Column]
~~~~~~~~~

Marks an annotated instance variable as "persistent". It has to be
inside the instance variables PHP DocBlock comment. Any value hold
inside this variable will be saved to and loaded from the database

> as part of the lifecycle of the instance variables entity-class.

Reviewer: I don't understand that last bit :sweat_smile:

Author: This is copied from the annotation docs :)

Required attributes:

> -  **type**: Name of the Doctrine Type which is converted between PHP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **type**: Name of the DBAL Type which does the conversion between PHP
```

   and Database representation.

Optional attributes:

-  **name**: By default the property name is used for the database

>    column name also, however the 'name' attribute allows you to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   column name also, however the ``name`` attribute allows you to
```

   determine the column name.

> -  **length**: Used by the "string" type to determine its maximum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **length**: Used by the ``string`` type to determine its maximum
```

   length in the database. Doctrine does not validate the length of a
   string value for you.

-  **precision**: The precision for a decimal (exact numeric) column
   (applies only for decimal column), which is the maximum number of
   digits that are stored for the values.

-  **scale**: The scale for a decimal (exact numeric) column (applies
   only for decimal column), which represents the number of digits
   to the right of the decimal point and must not be greater than
   *precision*.

-  **unique**: Boolean value to determine if the value of the column
   should be unique across all rows of the underlying entities table.

> -  **nullable**: Determines if NULL values allowed for this column. If not specified, default value is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **nullable**: Determines if NULL values allowed for this column.
    If not specified, default value is ``false``.
```

-  **options**: Array of additional options:

   -  ``default``: The default value to set for the column if no value
      is supplied.

   -  ``unsigned``: Boolean value to determine if the column should
      be capable of representing only non-negative integers
      (applies only for integer column and might not be supported by
      all vendors).

   -  ``fixed``: Boolean value to determine if the specified length of
      a string column should be fixed or varying (applies only for
      string/binary column and might not be supported by all vendors).

   -  ``comment``: The comment of the column in the schema (might not
      be supported by all vendors).

>    -  ``collation``: The collation of the column (only supported by Drizzle, Mysql, PostgreSQL>=9.1, Sqlite and SQLServer).

Reviewer: Support for Drizzle has been dropped from the DBAL. Also PostgreSQL 9.1 is very old, so there's probably no need to be this precise.
```suggestion
   -  ``collation``: The collation of the column (only supported by Mysql, PostgreSQL, Sqlite and SQLServer).
```

   -  ``check``: Adds a check constraint type to the column (might not
      be supported by all vendors).

-  **columnDefinition**: DDL SQL snippet that starts after the column
   name and specifies the complete (non-portable!) column definition.
   This attribute allows to make use of advanced RMDBS features.
   However you should make careful use of this feature and the

>    consequences. SchemaTool will not detect changes on the column correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   consequences. ``SchemaTool`` will not detect changes on the column correctly
```

>    anymore if you use "columnDefinition".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   anymore if you use ``columnDefinition``.
```

>    Additionally you should remember that the "type"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Additionally you should remember that the ``type``
```

   attribute still handles the conversion between PHP and Database
   values. If you use this attribute on a column that is used for
   joins between tables you should also take a look at
   :ref:`#[JoinColumn] <annref_joincolumn>`.

.. note::

    For more detailed information on each attribute, please refer to
    the DBAL ``Schema-Representation`` documentation.

Examples:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Column;

    #[Column(type: "string", length: 32, unique: true, nullable: false)]
    protected $username;

    #[Column(type: "string", columnDefinition: "CHAR(2) NOT NULL")]
    protected $country;

    #[Column(type: "decimal", precision: 2, scale: 1)]
    protected $height;

>     #[Column(type: "string", length: 2, options: ["fixed" => true, "comment" => "Initial letters of first and last name"])]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #[Column(type: "string", length: 2, options: [
        "fixed" => true,
        "comment" => "Initial letters of first and last name"
    ])]
```

    protected $initials;

>     #[Column(type: "integer", name: "login_count", nullable: false, options: ["unsigned" => true, "default" => 0])]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #[Column(
        type: "integer",
        name: "login_count",
        nullable: false,
        options: ["unsigned" => true, "default" => 0]
    )]
```

    protected $loginCount;

.. _annref_cache:

#[Cache]
~~~~~~~~
Add caching strategy to a root entity or a collection.

Optional attributes:

-  **usage**: One of ``READ_ONLY``, ``READ_WRITE`` or ``NONSTRICT_READ_WRITE``, By default this is ``READ_ONLY``.
-  **region**: An specific region name

.. _annref_changetrackingpolicy:

#[ChangeTrackingPolicy]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Change Tracking Policy attribute allows to specify how the

> Doctrine ORM UnitOfWork should detect changes in properties of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doctrine ORM ``UnitOfWork`` should detect changes in properties of
```
or unit of work

entities during flush. By default each entity is checked according

> to a deferred implicit strategy, which means upon flush UnitOfWork

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to a deferred implicit strategy, which means upon flush ``UnitOfWork``
```

compares all the properties of an entity to a previously stored
snapshot. This works out of the box, however you might want to
tweak the flush performance where using another change tracking
policy is an interesting option.

The :doc:`details on all the available change tracking policies <change-tracking-policies>`
can be found in the configuration section.

Example:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Entity;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\ChangeTrackingPolicy;

    #[
        Entity,
        ChangeTrackingPolicy("DEFERRED_IMPLICIT"),
        ChangeTrackingPolicy("DEFERRED_EXPLICIT"),
        ChangeTrackingPolicy("NOTIFY")
    ]
    class User {}

.. _annref_customidgenerator:

#[CustomIdGenerator]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This attribute allows you to specify a user-provided class to generate identifiers. This attribute only works when both :ref:`@Id <annref_id>` and :ref:`@GeneratedValue(strategy="CUSTOM") <annref_generatedvalue>` are specified.

Reviewer: Needs to be converted

Required attributes:

-  **class**: name of the class which should extend Doctrine\ORM\Id\AbstractIdGenerator

Example:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Id;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Column;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\GeneratedValue;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\CustomIdGenerator;
    use App\Doctrine\MyIdGenerator;

    #[Id]
    #[Column(type: "integer")]
    #[GeneratedValue(strategy: "CUSTOM")]
    #[CustomIdGenerator(class: MyIdGenerator::class)]
    public $id;

.. _annref_discriminatorcolumn:

#[DiscriminatorColumn]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This attribute is an optional and set on the root entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This attribute is optional and set on the root entity
```

are the classes, either as fully- or as unqualified class names
depending on whether the classes are in the namespace or not.

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Entity;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\InheritanceType;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\DiscriminatorColumn;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\DiscriminatorMap;

    #[Entity]
    #[InheritanceType("JOINED")]
    #[DiscriminatorColumn(name: "discr", type: "string")]
    #[DiscriminatorMap(["person" => Person::class, "employee" => Employee::class])]
    class Person
    {
        // ...
    }

.. _annref_embeddable:

#[Embeddable]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The embeddable attribute is required on a class, in order to make it
embeddable inside an entity. It works together with the :ref:`#[Embedded] <annref_embedded>`
attribute to establish the relationship between the two classes.

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Embeddable;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Embedded;

    #[Embeddable]
    class Address
    { /* .. */ }

    class User
    {
        #[Embedded(class: Address::class)]
        private $address;

.. _annref_embedded:

#[Embedded]

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~
```

The embedded attribute is required on an entity's member variable,
in order to specify that it is an embedded class.

Required attributes:

-  **class**: The embeddable class

.. _annref_entity:

#[Entity]
~~~~~~~~~

Required attribute to mark a PHP class as an entity. Doctrine manages
the persistence of all classes marked as entities.

Optional attributes:

-  **repositoryClass**: Specifies the FQCN of a subclass of the

>    EntityRepository. Use of repositories for entities is encouraged to keep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``EntityRepository``. Use of repositories for entities is encouraged to keep
```

   specialized DQL and SQL operations separated from the Model/Domain
   Layer.
-  **readOnly**: Specifies that this entity is marked as read only and not
   considered for change-tracking. Entities of this type can be persisted
   and removed though.

Example:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Entity;
    use MyProject\Repository\UserRepository;

    #[Entity(repositoryClass: UserRepository::class, readOnly: false)]
    class User
    {
        //...
    }

.. _annref_entity_result:

#[GeneratedValue]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Specifies which strategy is used for identifier generation for an
instance variable which is annotated by :ref:`#[Id] <annref_id>`. This
attribute is optional and only has meaning when used in
conjunction with #[Id].

> If this attribute is not specified with #[Id] the NONE strategy is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this attribute is not specified with ``#[Id]`` the ``NONE`` strategy is
```

used as default.

Optional attributes:

-  **strategy**: Set the name of the identifier generation strategy.

>    Valid values are AUTO, SEQUENCE, TABLE, IDENTITY, UUID, CUSTOM and NONE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Valid values are ``AUTO``, ``SEQUENCE``, ``TABLE``, ``IDENTITY``,
   ``UUID``, ``CUSTOM`` and ``NONE``.
```

>    If not specified, default value is AUTO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If not specified, the default value is ``AUTO``.
```

Example:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Column;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\GeneratedValue;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Id;

    #[Id, Column(type: "integer"), GeneratedValue(strategy="IDENTITY")]
    protected $id = null;

.. _annref_haslifecyclecallbacks:

#[HasLifecycleCallbacks]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This attribute has to be set on the entity-class to
notify Doctrine that this entity has entity lifecycle callback
attributes set on at least one of its methods. Using #[PostLoad],
#[PrePersist], #[PostPersist], #[PreRemove], #[PostRemove], #[PreUpdate] or
#[PostUpdate] without this marker attribute will make Doctrine

> ignore the callbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``#[PrePersist]``, ``#[PostPersist]``, ``#[PreRemove]``, ``#[PostRemove]``,
``#[PreUpdate]`` or ``#[PostUpdate]`` without this marker attribute will
make Doctrine ignore the callbacks.
```

Example:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Entity;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\HasLifecycleCallbacks;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\PostPersist;

    #[Entity, HasLifecycleCallbacks]
    class User
    {
        #[PostPersist]
        public function sendOptinMail() {}
    }

.. _annref_index:

#[Index]
~~~~~~~~

Attribute is used on the entity-class level. It provides a hint to the SchemaTool to
generate a database index on the specified table columns. It only

> has meaning in the SchemaTool schema generation context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has meaning in the ``SchemaTool`` schema generation context.
```

Examples:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Entity;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\InheritanceType;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\DiscriminatorColumn;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\DiscriminatorMap;

    #[Entity]
    #[InheritanceType("SINGLE_TABLE")]
    #[DiscriminatorColumn(name="discr", type="string")]
    #[DiscriminatorMap({"person" = "Person", "employee" = "Employee"})]
    class Person
    {
        // ...
    }

    #[Entity]
    #[InheritanceType("JOINED")]
    #[DiscriminatorColumn(name="discr", type="string")]
    #[DiscriminatorMap({"person" = "Person", "employee" = "Employee"})]
    class Person
    {
        // ...
    }

.. _annref_joincolumn:

#[JoinColumn], #[InverseJoinColumn]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This attribute is used in the context of relations in
:ref:`#[ManyToOne] <annref_manytoone>`, :ref:`#[OneToOne] <annref_onetoone>` fields
and in the Context of a :ref:`#[ManyToMany] <annref_manytomany>`. If this attribute or both *name* and *referencedColumnName*
are missing they will be computed considering the field's name and the current
:doc:`naming strategy <namingstrategy>`.

> The #[InverseJoinColumn] is the same as #[JoinColumn] and is used in the context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``#[InverseJoinColumn]`` is the same as ``#[JoinColumn]`` and is used in the context
```

> of a #[ManyToMany] attribute declaration to specifiy the details of the join table's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of a ``#[ManyToMany]`` attribute declaration to specifiy the details of the join table's
```

column information used for the join to the inverse entity.

Optional attributes:

-  **name**: Column name that holds the foreign key identifier for

>    this relation. In the context of @JoinTable it specifies the column

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   this relation. In the context of ``#[JoinTable]`` it specifies the column
```

   name in the join table.
-  **referencedColumnName**: Name of the primary key identifier that

>    is used for joining of this relation. Defaults to *id*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   is used for joining of this relation. Defaults to ``id``.
```

-  **unique**: Determines whether this relation is exclusive between the
   affected entities and should be enforced as such on the database
   constraint level. Defaults to false.
-  **nullable**: Determine whether the related entity is required, or if
   null is an allowed state for the relation. Defaults to true.
-  **onDelete**: Cascade Action (Database-level)
-  **columnDefinition**: DDL SQL snippet that starts after the column
   name and specifies the complete (non-portable!) column definition.
   This attribute enables the use of advanced RMDBS features. Using

>    this attribute on @JoinColumn is necessary if you need slightly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   this attribute on ``#[JoinColumn]`` is necessary if you need slightly
```

   different column definitions for joining columns, for example
   regarding NULL/NOT NULL defaults. However by default a
   "columnDefinition" attribute on :ref:`#[Column] <annref_column>` also sets

>    the related #[JoinColumn]'s columnDefinition. This is necessary to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the related ``#[JoinColumn]``'s columnDefinition. This is necessary to
```

   make foreign keys work.

Example:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\OneToOne;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\JoinColumn;

    #[OneToOne(targetEntity: Customer::class)]
    #[JoinColumn(name: "customer_id", referencedColumnName: "id")]
    private $customer;

.. _annref_jointable:

#[JoinTable]
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Using
:ref:`#[ManytoMany] <annref_manytomany>` on the owning side of the relation
requires to specify the #[JoinTable] attribute which describes the
details of the database join table. If you do not specify

> #[JoinTable] on these relations reasonable mapping defaults apply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``#[JoinTable]`` on these relations reasonable mapping defaults apply
```

using the affected table and the column names.

> A notable difference to the annotation metadata support, #[JoinColumn]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A notable difference to the annotation metadata support, ``#[JoinColumn]``
```

> and #[InverseJoinColumn] are specified at the property level and are not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and ``#[InverseJoinColumn]`` are specified at the property level and are not
```

> nested within the #[JoinTable] attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nested within the ``#[JoinTable]`` attribute.
```

   the entity that is the inverse side of the relationship.

Example:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\ManyToOne;

    #[ManyToOne(targetEntity: "Cart", cascade: ["all"], fetch: "EAGER")]
    private $cart;

.. _annref_manytomany:

#[ManyToMany]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Defines that the annotated instance variable holds a many-to-many relationship
between two entities. :ref:`#[JoinTable] <annref_jointable>` is an
additional, optional attribute that has reasonable default
configuration values using the table and names of the two related
entities.

Required attributes:

-  **targetEntity**: FQCN of the referenced target entity. Can be the
   unqualified class name if both classes are in the same namespace.
   *IMPORTANT:* No leading backslash!

Optional attributes:

-  **mappedBy**: This option specifies the property name on the
   targetEntity that is the owning side of this relation. It is a
   required attribute for the inverse side of a relationship.
-  **inversedBy**: The inversedBy attribute designates the field in the
   entity that is the inverse side of the relationship.
-  **cascade**: Cascade Option

> -  **fetch**: One of LAZY, EXTRA_LAZY or EAGER

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **fetch**: One of ``LAZY``, ``EXTRA_LAZY`` or ``EAGER``
```

-  **indexBy**: Index the collection by a field on the target entity.

.. note::

>     For ManyToMany bidirectional relationships either side may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For ``ManyToMany`` bidirectional relationships either side may
```

>     be the owning side (the side that defines the @JoinTable and/or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    be the owning side (the side that defines the ``#[JoinTable]`` and/or
```

    does not make use of the mappedBy attribute, thus using a default
    join table).

Example:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\ManyToMany;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\JoinColumn;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\InverseJoinColumn;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\JoinTable;

    /** Owning Side */
    #[ManyToMany(targetEntity: "Group", inversedBy: "features")]
    #[JoinTable(name: "user_groups")]
    #[JoinColumn(name: "user_id", referencedColumnName: "id")]
    #[InverseJoinColumn(name: "group_id", referencedColumnName: "id")]
    private $groups;

    /** Inverse Side */
    #[ManyToMany(targetEntity: "User", mappedBy: "groups")]
    private $features;

.. _annref_mappedsuperclass:

#[MappedSuperclass]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A mapped superclass is an abstract or concrete class that provides
persistent entity state and mapping information for its subclasses,
but which is not itself an entity. This attribute is specified on
the Class level and has no additional settings.

> The #[MappedSuperclass] attribute cannot be used in conjunction with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``#[MappedSuperclass]`` attribute cannot be used in conjunction with
```

> #[Entity]. See the Inheritance Mapping section for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``#[Entity]``. See the Inheritance Mapping section for
```

:doc:`more details on the restrictions of mapped superclasses <inheritance-mapping>`.

Optional attributes:

-  **repositoryClass**: Specifies the FQCN of a subclass of the EntityRepository.
   That will be inherited for all subclasses of that Mapped Superclass.

Example:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\MappedSuperclass;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Entity;

    #[MappedSuperclass]
    abstract class BaseEntity
    {
        // ... fields and methods
    }

    #[Entiy]
    class EntitySubClassFoo extends BaseEntity
    {
        // ... fields and methods
    }

.. _annref_onetoone:

#[OneToOne]
~~~~~~~~~~~

> The #[OneToOne] attribute works almost exactly as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``#[OneToOne]`` attribute works almost exactly as the
```

   OneToOne entities that are not connected to any owning instance,
   should be removed by Doctrine. Defaults to false.
-  **mappedBy**: This option specifies the property name on the
   targetEntity that is the owning side of this relation. Its a
   required attribute for the inverse side of a relationship.
-  **fetch**: One of LAZY, EXTRA_LAZY or EAGER.
-  **indexBy**: Index the collection by a field on the target entity.

Example:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\OneToMany;

    #[OneToMany(
        targetEntity: "Phonenumber",
        mappedBy: "user",
        cascade: ["persist", "remove", "merge"],
        orphanRemoval: true)
    ]
    public $phonenumbers;

.. _annref_orderby:

#[OrderBy]
~~~~~~~~~~

Optional attribute that can be specified with a
:ref:`#[ManyToMany] <annref_manytomany>` or :ref:`#[OneToMany] <annref_onetomany>`
attribute to specify by which criteria the collection should be
retrieved from the database by using an ORDER BY clause.

Example:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    #[ManyToMany(targetEntity: "Group")]
    #[OrderBy(["name" => "ASC"])]
    private $groups;

> The key in OrderBy is only allowed to consist of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key in ``OrderBy`` is only allowed to consist of
```

> unqualified, unquoted field names and of an optional ASC/DESC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unqualified, unquoted field names and of an optional ``ASC``/``DESC``
```

positional statement. Multiple Fields are separated by a comma (,).
The referenced field names have to exist on the ``targetEntity``
class of the ``#[ManyToMany]`` or ``#[OneToMany]`` attribute.

.. _annref_postload:

#[PostLoad]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Marks a method on the entity to be called as a #[PostLoad] event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marks a method on the entity to be called as a ``#[PostLoad]`` event.
```

> Only works with #[HasLifecycleCallbacks] in the entity class PHP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only works with ``#[HasLifecycleCallbacks]`` in the entity class PHP
```

level.

.. _annref_postpersist:

#[PostPersist]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Marks a method on the entity to be called as a #[PostPersist] event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marks a method on the entity to be called as a ``#[PostPersist]`` event.
```

> Only works with #[HasLifecycleCallbacks] in the entity class PHP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only works with ``#[HasLifecycleCallbacks]`` in the entity class PHP
```

level.

.. _annref_postremove:

#[PostRemove]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Marks a method on the entity to be called as a #[PostRemove] event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marks a method on the entity to be called as a ``#[PostRemove]`` event.
```

> Only works with #[HasLifecycleCallbacks] in the entity class PHP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only works with ``#[HasLifecycleCallbacks]`` in the entity class PHP
```

level.

.. _annref_postupdate:

#[PostUpdate]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Marks a method on the entity to be called as a #[PostUpdate] event.
> Only works with #[HasLifecycleCallbacks] in the entity class PHP
> level.
> 
> .. _annref_prepersist:
> 
> #[PrePersist]
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> Marks a method on the entity to be called as a #[PrePersist] event.
> Only works with #[HasLifecycleCallbacks] in the entity class PHP
> level.
> 
> .. _annref_preremove:
> 
> #[PreRemove]
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> Marks a method on the entity to be called as a #[PreRemove] event.
> Only works with #[HasLifecycleCallbacks] in the entity class PHP
> level.
> 
> .. _annref_preupdate:
> 
> #[PreUpdate]
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> Marks a method on the entity to be called as a #[PreUpdate] event.
> Only works with #[HasLifecycleCallbacks] in the entity class PHP
> level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marks a method on the entity to be called as a ``#[PostUpdate]`` event.
Only works with ``#[HasLifecycleCallbacks]`` in the entity class PHP
level.

.. _annref_prepersist:

#[PrePersist]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Marks a method on the entity to be called as a ``#[PrePersist]`` event.
Only works with ``#[HasLifecycleCallbacks]`` in the entity class PHP
level.

.. _annref_preremove:

#[PreRemove]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Marks a method on the entity to be called as a ``#[PreRemove]`` event.
Only works with ``#[HasLifecycleCallbacks]`` in the entity class PHP
level.

.. _annref_preupdate:

#[PreUpdate]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Marks a method on the entity to be called as a ``#[PreUpdate]`` event.
Only works with ``#[HasLifecycleCallbacks]`` in the entity class PHP
level.
```

.. _annref_sequencegenerator:

#[SequenceGenerator]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> For use with #[GeneratedValue(strategy: "SEQUENCE")] this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For use with ``#[GeneratedValue(strategy: "SEQUENCE")]`` this
```

   Defaults to 10
-  **initialValue**: Where the sequence starts, defaults to 1.

Example:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Id;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\GeneratedValue;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Column;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\SequenceGenerator;

    #[Id]
    #[GeneratedValue(strategy: "SEQUENCE")]
    #[Column(type: "integer")]
    #[SequenceGenerator(sequenceName: "tablename_seq", initialValue: 1, allocationSize: 100)]
    protected $id = null;

.. _annref_table:

#[Table]
~~~~~~~~

Attribute describes the table an entity is persisted in. It is
placed on the entity-class level and is optional. If it is
not specified the table name will default to the entity's
unqualified classname.

Required attributes:

-  **name**: Name of the table

Optional attributes:

-  **schema**: Name of the schema the table lies in.

Example:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Entity;
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Table;

    #[Entity]
    #[Table(name: "user", schema: "schema_name")]
    class User { }

.. _annref_uniqueconstraint:

#[UniqueConstraint]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Attribute is used on

> the entity-class level. It allows to hint the SchemaTool to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the entity-class level. It allows to hint the ``SchemaTool`` to
```
